hyah and this is just to show full HD
videos on ul 30 we have you been to
64-bit installed nine point 10
apparently as you will see in a second
hopefully the video and full HD is very
sloppy so I decided to make additional
tests and download it to be is the same
in different quality one of them is the
full HD and the second one is 720 let me
show you in a second so this is the new
trend see this apparently if into it
this is 720 using VLC the same video
just in a second it works smooth the
quite a bit costs because the CPU is
about forty four percent fifty percent
now you can see that sorry unless I will
go for system monitor there might be a
bit more helpful
you can see now the usage it's
apparently on one cpu third CTools 45 60
40 80 100 so the varies varies really
various now with went absolutely up is
it is he up to ninety percent drop down
a bit so 720 is working it's enough if
you want to watch videos but it's very
see beauty and suman the 100 1080 is
really not i use even if you download it
to your hard drive it still going to be
very sloppy doesn't run smoothly so
everyone who's a fan of a 2d movies
sorry but dual 41 speed the laptop for
you i'm not bothered I don't watch
videos in HD so i'm not totally will
read at all maybe droids in Windows 7 I
don't know I will not test that because
I would need to format my hard drive to
install windows 7 i'm not actually but
it's not a fan of full quality videos as
well and i have time to watch it ok so
hope this helps a bit bye